index.md, before:

# Robert Ridgway


## Profile

I'm a 3rd year PhD student (finishing in 2022) studying at the University of Exeter, under the supervision of Nathan Mayne, Hugo Lambert, and James Manners. My primary research interests are in exoplanet climatology, particularly star-planet interactions. 


In 2015, I graduated from the University of Calgary receieving a BSc in Astrophysics. In 2018 I recieved a Master's in Space Physics also at the University of Calgary under the supervision of Brian Jackel. I was working with data from space-based magnetometers to create density profiles of plasma within the dayside terrestrial magnetosphere. This was an extension of the work done during my undergraduate thesis. I presented my work (in the form of a poster) at the 2015 Canadian Association of Physicists (CAP) Congress and the 2016 American Geophysical Union Fall (AGU) Meeting.

In 2018, I begun a PhD at the University of Exeter as part of the Exoplanet Theory group. I have been working with the Met Office Unified Model (UM) to look at the effects of stellar flares on the atmospheric composition and habitability of tidally locked planets orbiting M dwarf stars.

## Publications 
See [here](Publications.md) for a list of my academic publications, talks, and posters.

Commit message:

Poster and research summary
Added images to show off work

index.md, after:

# Robert Ridgway


## Profile

I'm a final year PhD student (finishing in 2022) studying at the University of Exeter, under the supervision of Nathan Mayne, Hugo Lambert, and James Manners. My primary research interests are in exoplanet climatology, particularly star-planet interactions. 


In 2015, I graduated from the University of Calgary receieving a BSc in Astrophysics. In 2018 I recieved a Master's in Space Physics also at the University of Calgary under the supervision of Brian Jackel. I was working with data from space-based magnetometers to create density profiles of plasma within the dayside terrestrial magnetosphere. This was an extension of the work done during my undergraduate thesis. I presented my work (in the form of a poster) at the 2015 Canadian Association of Physicists (CAP) Congress and the 2016 American Geophysical Union Fall (AGU) Meeting.

In 2018, I begun a PhD at the University of Exeter as part of the Exoplanet Theory group. I have been working with the Met Office Unified Model (UM) to look at the effects of stellar flares on the atmospheric composition and habitability of tidally locked planets orbiting M dwarf stars.


## Research Summary

My work has been focused in modelling the impact of stellar flares on the atmospheric composition of tidally locked planets. The question I have been working to solve is how . My research has found that while using a model of 'active' stellar spectra, the amount of ozone on the planet increases substantially when the planet is hit by a flare. See the following animation to see the ozone column over 30 days of simulations. 

![Response of ozone concentrations to stellar flares](./Images/030Days.gif)
## Publications 
See [here](Publications.md) for a list of my academic publications, talks, and posters.
